Feat: Enable APNS registration + notification delivery in macOS apps (#33574)
electron/electron: docs/api/push-notifications.md

# pushNotifications

> Register for remote push notification services

> Process: [Main](../glossary.md#main-process)

Reviewer: I think this document would benefit from a short example explaining how these methods and events fit together.

## Events

The `pushNotification` module emits the following events:

#### Event: 'registered-for-apns-notifications' _macOS_

Returns:

* `token` String - A token that identifies the device to Apple Push Notification Service (APNS)

Emitted when the app successfully registers to receive remote notifications from APNS.
See: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428766-application?language=objc

#### Event: 'failed-to-register-for-apns-notifications' _macOS_

Returns:

* `error` String

Emitted when the app fails to register to receive remote notifications from APNS.
See: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428554-application?language=objc

#### Event: 'received-apns-notification' _macOS_

Returns:

* `userInfo` Record<String, any>

Emitted when the app receives a remote notification while running.
See: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428430-application?language=objc

## Methods

The `pushNotification` module has the following methods:

> ### `pushNotifications.registerForAPNSNotifications()` _macOS_
> 
> Registers the app with Apple Push Notification service (APNS) to receive [Badge, Sound, and Alert](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/sremotenotificationtype?language=objc) notifications. If registration is successful, the BrowserWindow event `registered-for-apns-notifications` will be emitted with the APNS device token. Otherwise, the event `failed-to-register-for-apns-notifications` will be emitted.
> See: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplication/1428476-registerforremotenotificationtyp?language=objc

Reviewer: It seems like this might be better expressed as an asynchronous function (i.e. a Promise)?

i.e.

```suggestion
### `pushNotifications.registerForAPNSNotifications()` _macOS_

Returns `Promise<string>`

Registers the app with Apple Push Notification service (APNS) to receive [Badge, Sound, and Alert](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/sremotenotificationtype?language=objc) notifications. If registration is successful, the promise will be resolved with the APNS device token. Otherwise, the promise will be rejected with an error message.

See: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplication/1428476-registerforremotenotificationtyp?language=objc
```
